Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to call that all this field scene map.
Now, what is a map?
A map is simply an object.
And what is an object?
And object is something that basically has a property name and a property value, more like key values
pairs.
Okay, so now what we need to do is to convert all this towards a map next, of course, that's in the
same map.
What we could have done this over this upload video, we can just go right and say Firebase.
I think we call that Firebase.
Okay, I'm just going to check that.
I think we have that in the.
Okay, Firebase.
What?
Can we call this fire store?
I think that that's collection and we can then say videos, right.
And then dot stock and we can just pass them to random for now.
And the condensed dot set.
Right now.
This is a fad.
So what's an object?
So you can see the value the property name is going to be Tom.
Tom May and the.
Value.
It's going to be this.
Okay.
Right.
And so on.
So we need to have this.
And the comma and so on.
Right.
Okay.
Now, if we should if we if we do it this way, that's means there is no need for the MVC pattern.
Right.
Okay.
So that's what we're going to do.
It's in the models directory and then the video.
Okay.
So now all we can do is.
Over here.
Okay.
Within the class, we can create a map.
A map of strange.
And dynamic.
Right.
And now we can then say to Jason.
Okay to JSON and we can then use an arrow function for this.
We basically want to go that to all this field scene map.
Right.
Okay.
And I think we need to.
Now the first field is going to be the user name before then.
I think this is also going to be a number.
So definitely is an eight.
We can just get rid of the finer.
Get rid of this.
Okay.
Get with.
Get grilled.
Get real.
Go through and.
Get rid.
And I think we also have it in the sub.
Okay.
And this is going to be what's user name attached.
And so we need this.
And this is going to be what this is going to be the already.
And you already.
Right.
And this is going to be the.
The Heidi.
And I'd.
Likes.
And.
Okay.
Idea.
Correct.
And comment.
Counts.
Comment.
Count.
Okay.
This shell counts.
Share counts and song name.
Sorry.
Okay.
Song.
Name.
Okay.
This is going to be what?
Caption.
And cop shows.
Okay.
And.
And video your real.
There's been a video.
Yara.
Wikipedia URL.
Okay.
Video.
I think we just have to copy.
Okay.
There is no issue.
And.
Some.
No.
Tom.
Thumbnail.
Okay.
And lastly, the pro profile.
Photo.
Q photo and profile.
Okay.
So orders are filled to squads map.
They're coming from Python or I think JavaScript.
So Python in python is referred to as a dictionary.
Right.
Then I tick in sync and JavaScript is referred to as objects.
So objects is basically something that has.
Property value.
So your property name, this is the property name, right?
And this is the value.
So you can see this as a variable holding this.
Right.
So in flutter it is referred to as map in JavaScript.
It is known as objects and in Python is known as dictionary.
Okay.
So this is bismuth.
Right.
Okay.
And now we can use control and this to save this.
Okay, guys, see you in investiture.